feat: update igp docs (#73)
hyperlane-xyz/v3-docs: docs/protocol/interchain-gas-payment.mdx

    M_O -. "indexing" .-> Relayer
    IGP -. "value" .- Relayer

    subgraph Destination Chain
      M_D[(Mailbox)]
      M_D -- "handle(...)" --> Recipient
    end

    Relayer -- "process{gasLimit}(...)" --> M_D
```

## InterchainGasPaymasters

Interchain gas payments are facilitated by `InterchainGasPaymaster` (IGP) smart contracts.

These contracts expose the [InterchainGasPaymaster interface](../reference/hooks/interchain-gas.mdx), which allow users to pay the [relayer](./agents/relayer.mdx) with native tokens on the origin chain to cover the costs of delivering a message on the destination chain.

Each `InterchainGasPaymaster` contract corresponds to exactly one relayer. You can find addresses of the Abacus Works' relayer under [addresses](../reference/contract-addresses.mdx)

### Gas limit

The gas limit is the cost of calling `handle` on the destination chain for a given message. This can vary depending on message content and the logic of the handler.

### Gas overhead

The gas overhead is set as part of the destination gas configuration, along with the `gasOracle`:

```solidity
struct DomainGasConfig {
    IGasOracle gasOracle;
    uint96 gasOverhead;
}
```

> This corresponds to the operation cost of processing a message on the destination, irrespective of the message itself.

Reviewer: this is not quite accurate, you can have different isms for different message types and hence, different gas overheads for the verify function. Like if the transfer amount is >50k or something.

Author: how about something like this?

```suggestion
This corresponds to the operational cost of processing a message on the destination chain.

:::note
As you can configure different ISMs for different message types, you may have different gas overheads for each ISM's `verify` function.
:::
```

Reviewer: lovely

      M_D[(Mailbox)]
      M_D -- "handle(...)" --> Recipient
    end

    Relayer -- "process{gasLimit}(...)" --> M_D
```

## InterchainGasPaymasters

Interchain gas payments are facilitated by `InterchainGasPaymaster` (IGP) smart contracts.

These contracts expose the [InterchainGasPaymaster interface](../reference/hooks/interchain-gas.mdx), which allow users to pay the [relayer](./agents/relayer.mdx) with native tokens on the origin chain to cover the costs of delivering a message on the destination chain.

Each `InterchainGasPaymaster` contract corresponds to exactly one relayer. You can find addresses of the Abacus Works' relayer under [addresses](../reference/contract-addresses.mdx)

### Gas limit

The gas limit is the cost of calling `handle` on the destination chain for a given message. This can vary depending on message content and the logic of the handler.

### Gas overhead

The gas overhead is set as part of the destination gas configuration, along with the `gasOracle`:

```solidity
struct DomainGasConfig {
    IGasOracle gasOracle;
    uint96 gasOverhead;
}
```

This corresponds to the operational cost of processing a message on the destination chain.

:::note

> You should ensure the `gasOverhead` sufficiently covers the range of ISMs on your destination chain.

Reviewer 2: maybe covers the "set" instead of "range" here

Author: ah yes set works better here, will try and hit up on my next docs PR
